update description (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-mvc-grid-upload-and-display-excel-file: Readme.md

# Grid View for ASP.NET MVC - How to display data from an uploaded Excel file

> This example demonstrates how to use the [UploadControl](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetMvc/DevExpress.Web.Mvc.UploadControlExtension) to let a user upload a Microsoft Excel file to the server and view the uploaded file's data in the grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to use the [UploadControl](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetMvc/DevExpress.Web.Mvc.UploadControlExtension) to allow users to upload a Microsoft Excel file to the server and view the uploaded file's data in the grid.
```

> **Note:** The example application uses the `DevExpress.Docs` assembly. The [Document Server](https://www.devexpress.com/Products/NET/Document-Server/) subscription license is required to use the demonstrated technique.

## Overview

1. Implement the *Helper* class that returns the *DataTable* object based on your Excel file.

2. Implement the *HomeControllerUploadControlSettings* class. In this class, do the following:

   * Create the `FileUploadComplete` event that saves the uploaded file and its path.
   * Specify the *UploadValidationSettings* property that returns the upload control's validation settings.

    ```cs
    public static void FileUploadComplete(object sender, DevExpress.Web.FileUploadCompleteEventArgs e) {
        if (e.UploadedFile.IsValid) {
            resultFilePath = HttpContext.Current.Request.MapPath(UploadDirectory + e.UploadedFile.FileName);
            e.UploadedFile.SaveAs(resultFilePath, true);
            IUrlResolutionService urlResolver = sender as IUrlResolutionService;
            if (urlResolver != null) {
                e.CallbackData = urlResolver.ResolveClientUrl(resultFilePath);
            }
        }
    }
    ```

> 3. Map the upload control's `CallbackRouteValues` property to the `UploadControlUpload` action. In this action, call the control's [GetUploadedFiles](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetMvc/DevExpress.Web.Mvc.UploadControlExtension.GetUploadedFiles(DevExpress.Web.Mvc.UploadControlSettings-System.EventHandler-DevExpress.Web.FileUploadCompleteEventArgs-)) method to pass the validation settings and call the `FileUploadComplete` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Map the upload control's `CallbackRouteValues` property to the `UploadControlUpload` action. In this action, call the control's [GetUploadedFiles](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetMvc/DevExpress.Web.Mvc.UploadControlExtension.GetUploadedFiles(DevExpress.Web.Mvc.UploadControlSettings-System.EventHandler-DevExpress.Web.FileUploadCompleteEventArgs-)) method to pass validation settings and call the `FileUploadComplete` method.
```
